Before I move on, I want to tell you exactly how i want this to feel for the user and for me. I want people to see the main site first, they would see my mission of creating an application for every week. They would see that a resume builder and cover letter generator is the application of the week. They then would be enticed to click on that to go to the next page. This page would give them the ability to submit their current resume by importing it. The code would translate that import in order to give them a harsh grade on it. The person would pick which type of resume they would be, software engineer, data scientist, backend developer, front end developer or full stack developer. There would also be an option where they choose whether their resume is for a job or getting an internship. The grader would grade based on key words for job type. It would also look at the structure of the resue. It would look for better vocabulary that goes well in AI resume trackers. I would also look for ways to improve. Maybe change the wording here, add this section, maybe add another project to the resume or a ohone number. There is a long list of things that makes a good resume. Also, I want the feedback after they press grade to have labeled sections that are easy to read for the user and understand what those statistics mean. There should be maybe 5 different statistics and 3 sections on what to improve on. The selling point should be expertly integrated through this page. It will be 9 dollars and will show the features that will be in here as a little teaser. If they click on it, they will have to sign in or will be taken directly to the pay page if they are already signed in. After paying. They will be able to get their upgraded resume that is a perfected version of the one they sent in. A lot of people already have good resumes so itll be the applications job to find those little critics and improve them. I don't want to change their resume style too much and keep it almost similar to what they submittted but improve on the parts they got wrong on the resume upgrade, if they are missing parts like a phone number or another project, let them know they need to add that into the upgraded version. I will also be having the cover letter generator as another function of the premium version. This is a big selling piece, it might be better than the resume upgrade. It will allow a person to submit a job description from a job webstite into a text box. After pressing generate, the application will output a word doc or pdf containing a full cover letter. The cover letter will include 3 paragraphs that should almost take up a full page. The first paragraph will restate the job description agknowlaging the skills that would be needed for the job. The second paragraph would say the skills of the person based on their resume. The third paragrpah will startes why the skills they said they have in the second paragraph apply to the necessary skills from the job desciption and why they would benefit the company. Also include a thank you at the end. Those functions, the resume builder and cover letter generator are unlimited use after they buy the 9$ premium. This will continue if they sign out and sign back in again under the same account they paid on. I want this sign in to be a part of ackerman tools as well. That way i can keep track of users if they want tto use more applications in the future. Internalize this information and help me build this.